.TH "CONNECT-PROXY" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
connect-proxy \(em connect over SOCKS4/5 proxy 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBconnect-proxy\fR [\fB-dnhst45\fP]  [\fB-R \fIresolve\fR \fP]  [\fB-p \fIlocal-port\fR \fP]  [\fB-w \fIsecs\fR \fP]  [\fB-H \fI[user@]proxy-server[:port]]\fR \fP]  [\fB-S \fI[user@]socks-server[:port]]\fR \fP]  [\fB-T \fIproxy-server[:port]\fR \fP]  [\fB-c \fItelnet-proxy-command\fR \fP]  [host]  [port]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
\fBconnect-proxy\fR open connection over SOCKS4/5 proxies 
.PP 
Please, note that any HTTP-Proxy tunnel won't work with content-inspection firewall (unless using SSL). 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB-H\fP" 10 
specifies a hostname and port number of the http proxy  
server to relay. If port is omitted, 80 is used. You can specify this 
value in the environment variable HTTP_PROXY and pass the \-h option 
to use it. 
.IP "\fB-S\fP" 10 
specifies the hostname and port number of the SOCKS 
server to relay.  Like \-H, port number can be omitted and the default 
is 1080. You can also specify this value pair in the environment 
variable SOCKS5_SERVER and give the \-s option to use it. 
.IP "\fB-4\fP" 10 
specifies SOCKS relaying and indicates protocol version to use.  
It is valid only when used with '\-s' or '\-S'.  
Default is '\-5' (protocol version 5) 
.IP "\fB-R\fP" 10 
method to resolve the 
hostname. Three keywords ("local", "remote", "both") or dot-notation 
IP address are acceptable.  The keyword "both" means, "Try local 
first, then remote". If a dot-notation IP address is specified, use 
this host as nameserver. The default is "remote" for SOCKS5 or 
"local" for others. On SOCKS4 protocol, remote resolving method 
("remote" and "both") requires protocol 4a supported server. 
.IP "\fB-p\fP" 10 
will forward a local TCP port instead of using the 
standard input and output. 
.IP "\fB-P\fP" 10 
same to '\-p' except keep remote session. The 
program repeats waiting the port with holding remote session without 
disconnecting. To connect the remote session, send EOF to stdin or 
kill the program. 
.IP "\fB-w\fP" 10 
timeout in seconds for making connection with TARGET host. 
.IP "\fB-d\fP" 10 
used for debug. If you fail to connect, use this and check request to and response from server. 
.SH "USAGE" 
.PP 
To use proxy, this example is for SOCKS5 connection to connect to 
"host" at port 25 via SOCKS5 server on "firewall" host. 
 
\fBconnect-proxy \-S firewall host 25\fR  
 
\fBSOCKS5_SERVER=firewall; export SOCKS5_SERVER;  
connect-proxy \-s host 25\fR 
.PP 
For a HTTP-PROXY connection: 
 
\fBconnect-proxy \-H proxy-server:8080  host 25\fR   
 
\fBHTTP_PROXY=proxy-server:8080; export HTTP_PROXY;  
connect-proxy \-h host 25\fR  
.PP 
To forward a local port, for example to use ssh: 
 
\fBconnect-proxy \-p 5550 \-H proxy-server:8080 host 22 ssh \-l user\fR 
.PP 
To use it along ssh transparently: 
 
.PP 
.nf 
# file://~/.ssh/config 
# not using proxy on lan 
Host 192.* 
ProxyCommand connect-proxy %h %p 
# mandatory to access the internet 
Host * 
ProxyCommand connect-proxy \-H proxyserver:8080  %h %p 
.fi 
.PP 
 
Or for all users ( /etc/ssh/ssh_config ) 
.SH "ENVIRONMENT" 
.PP 
SOCKS5_USER, SOCKS5_PASSWORD,  
HTTP_PROXY_USER, HTTP_PROXY_PASSWORD, 
CONNECT_PASSWORD, 
LOGNAME, USER 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
ssh (1). 
.SH "WWW" 
.PP 
http://www.meadowy.org/~gotoh/projects/connect 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Philippe Coval rzr@gna.org for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any  
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Tue 22 Dec 2009, 19:24 
